hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
back to some more skill games this was
actually a really highly requested video
after you guys saw the first one you
wanted to see more so I'm back and this
time we're just doing dribbling no
advanced dribbling just a normal
dribbling but again we're back with
Messi and we're doing the dribbling not
the advanced dribbling just a dribbling
one this time and you guys can just
watch me fail you know it must be
painful to watch me do skill games i
mean i'd be sitting there facepalming if
it wasn't me and yeah it's just it's
just not a pretty sight at all but
speaking of pretty sides we actually
came pretty close to getting through we
need twelve thousand points to move on
to the silver level but I want to talk
to you guys a little bit about a little
project myself and Toby or Tobias gaming
are gonna be doing on friday at nine
thirty am all the way until saturday at
nine thirty a.m. on saturday yeah i
don't even know if that made sense but
it's a 24 hour charity livestream and i
actually haven't done something for
charity in a long time so I figured why
not kind of do almost like a good buy
fifa 13 live stream but we also might be
doing some other games and things like
that will open up some packs on fifa 13
I've got plenty of spare coins I'm
whether I give some of those away just
open up pack so you know just have a
good time and we'd love it if you guys
could come along I know of friday at
nine thirty m is very very early bigger
remember like I said it is a 24 hour
livestream so you guys can come along
and watch that now if you know you won't
be able to make it in any of those 24
hours and you still not actually like to
donate then I'm gonna leave the Just
Giving link in the description see in
the description so you guys can actually
go ahead and donate even if you know
you're not going to be there any sort of
supporters out whether it's a pound or
50 p or just whatever it is it's all
very much appreciated guys so thank you
so much and I hope I get to see you guys
there now that's enough talking about
the charity livestream we're going to
talk a little bit more about the
dribbling now I managed to get through
how epic was that I get through the
silver stages I was so happy with that
because god damn it just took it felt
like it took ages but Messi is actually
really good at this I like using him I
probably I really wanted to try out bail
I know a few of the other guys that the
event said the bail was really good so I
want to try and do that I want to try
and use bail but we'll have to try that
out when the game at Jacobs because I
don't actually have access to this game
at the moment
you guys are asking you how could you go
and do this and that but i'm actually
not ave I can't record it because i
don't have the game on me and i'll be
getting the game at the same time you do
now so i have no more early access which
really kind of sucks but i have plenty
more game player can still upload for
you guys which is always nice to see but
i'm in first place as you can tell you
know no one else had even really tried
skill games at this point so I was just
cruisin I was winning I was you know
getting getting that first play some web
stuff but this one the I couldn't decide
whether I wanted to just kind of like
run through and dribble through them or
go for the tactic that i showed in the
previous em in the previous video where
what you do is in between each of those
like lanes i want to say you just hold
lb which stops it and then you can go
forward a little bit and i kind of
figured that's probably the best way to
do it must just be very time-consuming
and slightly boring but i suppose it is
the best way to do things but the hard
bit of this is isn't necessarily getting
through these yellow brick walls in your
way it's actually the ending where you
have to shoot and try and score that's
the bit that i found the most
challenging as you can see here i'm just
storming down this left wing cuts inside
move always absolutely done the man in
yellow and he's shot and I do actually
end up getting through past the silver
level which was nice to see and on to
the gold level now this one's pretty
interesting I'm it took me a little
while I kind of trust me guys I cut out
a hell of a lot of fails you guys
probably wouldn't want a 10 that I
wouldn't have wanted to watch the video
if I put everything in because it took
me a little while to fully understand
what I wanted to do so the best way to
kind of complete this particular level
is by abusing the scoop turn i means you
guys don't know how to do the scoop turn
you cannot almost have to be stationary
a lot of the time especially on this one
gonna be stationary and then you just do
the fake shot and you put the direction
it kind of behind you so it does a 180
scoop turn and it works out actually
pretty well so I'm iris to get the first
two done and it was just really hard the
defenders go all out for you as you can
see that's why someone like Messi was
actually pretty important and they were
just slide tackling is a slide tackling
me left and right and I just wasn't able
to rack up that many points but as you
can see just use skill moves to get
around these players I know that might
sound a little bit crazy a lot of you
guys might not be that up to you know
you know on par with your skill moves
but trust me if you have any in your
locker use it because they are really
really good I got pretty lucky there I
was trying to scoop turn and it just
went completely wrong anyways um I try
to move inside there for a little bit of
a I think it's called a stop and turn
but it just didn't work out so well but
the defenders are just suicidal
seriously they are crazy they're
kamikaze they will literally just dive
into your life look at I guy go he is
just holding no hostages and I decided a
bunch of different routes just to see
you like what would be the best route to
take and I don't know if I necessarily
nailed it but I definitely do end up
completing this one so i don't know if
you want to follow my route and i'm sure
it'll all be different for you guys
whether you guys get slammed down as you
can see scoop turns that all the
defenders are just being made to look
like mugs right now and i'm just getting
bullied so much here you do get a few
attempts though so that's a pretty good
thing I'm so glad I didn't have to do
this all in one go because that would
just be a really really tough again
wasn't able to do it there but yeah
they're just crazy man i don't like them
they're too vicious they're not my style
but anyways i managed to do this bit
here take it there and this was my final
attempt so i had to make something good
of it but i managed to get into the
green zone as well so that's when you
know you're doing pretty well is when
you've hit in to that green so cut back
inside there he's done i'm on this one
go here do I able to Iook I remember 50
baby get they all just got mugged off
there all of them and there it is there
is that beautiful gold thing to let me
know that I am a success I'm not a
failure anymore and actually managed to
unlock a treatment called so skilled so
this next one was a little bit a weird I
don't fully understand what the crack
was but you actually had to do a skill
move around this bit and I guess the
easiest one to do was a roulette but
sometimes it didn't actually work which
is a little bit weird now excuse me I
really shouldn't have Bert there but hey
oh yeah so we have to do is you either
roulette I think someone also did the
step-over exit where you kind of just do
a step over and then you push the ball
off to one side so what you can also do
that to get around that particular bit
but this book this bit was actually
really hard and you might think Cal Cal
you just so bad to decide why can't you
do it so easily it was actually a little
bit of a bug in the game well not a bug
in the game but it was really hard to
pull off skill moves in this particular
skill game I don't know it was very
glitchy and things like that bday
they had sorted out and I remember
speaking to uh one of the EA guys about
it and they just said that they managed
to you know it was just something
someone was messed up anyways cuz i was
wondering why why can i not new skill
moves in here it was just so so hard to
do and yeah i just i just failed pretty
much for the most part and as you can
see i didn't even get semi-pro what a
disappointing what a letdown i am but i
hope you guys did enjoy this video and
of course if you did that leave a like a
favorite a wait a favorite like how do
you yeah yeah you can get you some
favorite yeah you can leave a like a
favorite a comment and feel free to
tweet it out share it whatever you'd
like to do again please come along to
the charity stream guys all your support
is very much appreciated 930 a.m. on
friday all the way until nine-thirty
a.m. on saturday em and that is UK time
by the way you guys can feel free to
convert that into your own time zones or
whatever and yeah just come along enjoy
it like i said we're gonna be doing fifa
13 maybe some other games who knows
we're just gonna have a whole lot of fun
but i hope to see you guys there and
i'll see you guys in a little bit bye
bye